What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall?  Dam.,
Whats brown and sticky?  A stick.,
When is it a good time to eat a window?  When its jammed.,
A man went to play golf for the day. He took his golf clubs and two pairs of pants. What were the extra pants for?  In case he got a hole-in-one.,
I have 3 heads 5 legs 7 arms and 4 fingers. What am I?  A liar.,
What did the computer screen say to the keyboard while playing golf?  That was a hard drive.,
What is a pirates favourite letter?  R,
Why do chicken coops have two doors?  Because if it had four doors its be a chicken sedan.,
What kind of photos to teeth take? Toothpics!,
When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline becomes apparent.,
Did you hear the joke about the broken submarine? It didnt go down well,
What do you give a cannibal that shows up late to dinner? A cold shoulder.,
Did you hear about the man who was on trial for feeding his animals dynamite? The jury said it was A-BOMB-IN-A-BULL.,
Today at the bank an old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.,
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.,
My boss told me to have a good day.. so I went home.,
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad finally I had to take his bike away.,
I'm so good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.,
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands., 
The other day my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.,
Why do blind people hate skydiving? It scares the hell out of their dogs.,
If you look really closely all mirrors look like eyeballs.,
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Aye matey.,
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. That's when I had to put my foot down.,
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.,
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.,
I ate a clock yesterday. It was very time consuming.,
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.,
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.,
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was two tired!,
My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my pillow fort.,
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Right where you left it.,
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t look! I’m about to change.,
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do *not* read it!,
What did one hat say to the tie? You hang here, I’ll go on ahead.,
Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks!,
How does Harry Potter get down a hill? Walking. JK Rolling!,
Bouncer: 'You need to leave.' Me: 'Why?' Bouncer: I have no idea who you are and this is my trampoline.',
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?,
Why shouldn't you date tennis players? Love means nothing to them.,
Did you hear? Oxygen and Magnesium are going out! I was like 'OMg',
A Roman man walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says '5 beers please.'